docs: Update  NRQL alert condition migration example references in legacy alert condition documents. (#2704)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/guides/migration_guide_alert_conditions.html.markdown

Users wanting to migrate alert conditions will need to make a few adjustments to their configuration, by following the examples outlined below.

> ### Migrating from Synthetics Alert Conditions to NRQL Alert Conditions
> 
> The following example illustrates changing over to an NRQL-based alert condition using the [newrelic_nrql_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/nrql_alert_condition) resource from a Synthetics alert condition, i.e. [newrelic_synthetics_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/nrql_alert_condition).
> 
> Below example also illustrates how argument monitor_id in synthetic alert condition should be inserted in NRQL over syntheticCheck after migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Migrating from Synthetics Alert Conditions to NRQL Alert Conditions

The following example illustrates changing over from a synthetics alert condition, i.e. [newrelic_synthetics_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/nrql_alert_condition) to an NRQL-based alert condition using the [newrelic_nrql_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/nrql_alert_condition) resource.

It may be obtained from the example that the ID of the monitor specified against the argument `monitor_id` in the synthetics alert condition may be used in NRQL with `SyntheticCheck` to convert this into an NRQL-based alert condition.
```

Author: Updated as suggested

}
```

### Migrating from Infra Alert Conditions to NRQL Alert Conditions

> The following examples illustrates changing over to an NRQL-based alert condition using the [newrelic_nrql_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/nrql_alert_condition) resource from a Infra alert condition, i.e. [newrelic_infra_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/infra_alert_condition).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples illustrate changing over from infra alert conditions, i.e. [newrelic_infra_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/infra_alert_condition) to NRQL-based alert conditions using the resource [newrelic_nrql_alert_condition](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/latest/docs/resources/nrql_alert_condition). 
```

Author: Updated as suggested

> #### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: High disk usage
> 
> The following example illustrates changing an Infra alert condition for high disk usage to an NRQL-based alert condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: High Disk Usage

The following example illustrates changing an infra alert condition for high disk usage to an NRQL-based alert condition.
```

Author: Updated as suggested

}
```

> #### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: High db connection count
> 
> The following example illustrates changing an Infra alert condition for high DB connection count to an NRQL-based alert condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: High DB Connection Count

The following example illustrates changing an infra alert condition for high DB connection count to an NRQL-based alert condition.
```

Author: updated as suggested

}
```

> #### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: Process not running
> 
> The following example illustrates changing an Infra alert condition for process not running to an NRQL-based alert condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: Process Not Running

The following example illustrates changing an infra alert condition for 'Process Not Running' to an NRQL-based alert condition.
```

Author: Updated as suggested

> Example newrelic_infra_alert_condition:

Reviewer: @vagrawal-newrelic can you please add backticks to all references of such resources we have (above all code snippets we have in this page, synthetics and infra), similar to the one I've referenced in this comment

Author: Added Backtick for all references in migration guide for infra and synthetic.

}
```

#### newrelic_infra_alert_condition: Host not reporting

> The following example illustrates changing an Infra alert condition for host not reporting to an NRQL-based alert condition.

Author: Updated as suggested
